# U.N. Nemi // 5014u

## Short Introductions

The squad is quickly introduced to each other before making their way out to a new frontier for Union, the Phi-4 System. This system was settled by a group of humans that had left Cradle long before Union was established. Union plans to make contact, and convince them to join the charter.

Unfortunately, the humans here are split. Two superpowers on the primary planet Gaiar disagree about joining Union's charter: the Sorkov League, who is pro-charter, and the New Gaiar Federation, who is anti-charter. Shortly after the party arrives in the system, the captain of the **U.N. Nemi** and the Phi-4 system Union administrator are kidnapped by the NGF during a peace talk gone wrong.

This new Union Intelligence Bureau squad, **5-Golf-Bravo-Foxtrot**, is ordered to go out, and safely retrieve these VIPs.

# Gaiar // 5014u

## Shot Down

During re-entry, **5GBF**'s dropship is shot down. The UIB squad makes it away safely, but their pilot has perished. Immediately, they encounter NGF forces that begin firing on them. The squad quickly takes them out, and notes that the NGF frames are much more advanced than expected from this system.

After repairing their mechs, the squad moves out. They encounter a group of Sorkov League forces that are escorting a bus of civilians to an armored bunker. The squad offers their support and chaperones these civilians through a battlefield to safety. This trek takes them close to their first objective in this rescue mission, Forward Operating Base Saber.