# F.O.B Saber // 5014u

## Morning Jam

The Squad rolls out in the morning beginning their second mission. Their first objective is to disable the jammer network. This jamming is preventing Union sensors from locating the VIPs. The squad makes their way to a jammer location with a payload from the NHP **Nemi**. This payload will take down all jammers in the mesh network at once. However, the party must deal with a group of NGF frames protecting the jammers.

This fight is tough, and the **5GBF** has to push their mechs past their limit to upload the payload. While the network comes down, a strong interference signal attacks the mind of **Mozin**, a fresh member of the **5GBF** squad. The signal glitches through their mind repeating a short string: **"Find Us. Protect Us. Kill Us.**. Once **Mozin** recovered, their squad received new orders. The location of the VIPs has been discovered near the port. They are being escorted onto an NGF submarine vessel.

## Direct Confrontation

The squad quickly makes their way to the submarine in a dropship piloted by their new friend **Adam**. The submarine is defended by a gauntlet of NGF forces. In addition, it has become clear: these NGF forces are being supplied by SSC class weaponry. While the fight labors on, an Ultra-class frame joins the fray. This frame has explosive damage and quickly shreds through multiple frames in the **5GBF** squad. Right at the end of the fight, in a close 1v1 between **Condor** and the Ultra-class frame, **Condor** discovers that the Ultra-class frame is piloted by her former fiance, Toren Eleppo. She musters up the last of her strength and forces him off the submarine. Toren flees after seeing the battle has been lost. The day is won, and the VIPs are recovered, but there is still plenty to clean up in the Phi-4 system.