# Granduer // 5014u

## Landing on the Surface // 5014u
**5GBF** departs from their smaller recon ship with a dedicated frame re-entry vehicle. Upon landing, they encounter a huge field a space junk that has accumulated in the eye of the storm. In the center of this junk pile is an abandoned spacecraft. This desolate ship is larger than the **U.N. Nemi**, or just about any ship the squad has seen before. 

Once the re-entry vehicle has landed, their sensors spot movement near the abandoned ship. Strange frames pull themselves out of the junk piles and start firing on the squad. The party rushes to escape behind them into the ship. The mission is on a tight schedule, and they can't afford to lose too much time or resources to a fight here.

During the fight, **Sleepwalker** slices one of the strange frames in two, and discovers that none of these machines have pilots. The team successfully defeats the unmanned frames and makes it inside the vessel closing the door behind them.

## Inside the Vessel // 5014u

After searching the ship, team **5GBF** discovers this relic ship was once the **USS Enna**: an odyssey class vessel from thousands of years ago. They also learn that the strange signal that brought them here periodically whispers out from deeper down a narrow hallway. Following this signal, they notice another team in a separate hallway heading the same way. **Sleepwalker** attempts to trail them and sneaks closer for more information, but he was spotted. Both parties start running down the hallway. 

They soon spot three terminals emanating the source of the strange signal. **Necromancer** tries communicating to deescalate the situation. They learn this other team is a Horus cell, and they were brought by the same signal. The Horus cell needs the data on these terminals, and would be willing to stay peaceful if both parties drop their weapons, and swap hostages. The **5GBF** squad offers **Mozin**, and the Horus cell offers their cataphract. **Necromancer** starts a download of the data on one of the terminals, but fails to get a full copy. The Horus cell manages to get a complete copy. The Horus cell betrays the peace at the last second, and begin making their way to destroy the last terminal to stop team 5gbf from getting a full copy. 

## After the Dust Settles // 5014u

After an intense firefight, the party emerges victorious from the battle, with a complete copy of the data. **Sleepwalker** and **Roro** lose their mechs in the battle, so they begin jockeying on other party mechs as they escape. Once team **5GBF** exits the **USS Enna**, they engage with a leftover unmanned frame. **Condor** takes out the final target, while protecting a jockeying **Roro**. Eventually the whole squad mounts the re-entry vehicle, and they shoot back into Granduer's orbit. **Roro** uses these first free moments on the reconnaissance ship to analzyer the data set from the **USS Enna**. There are two important points to pull from the data:

1. The Enna was breaking down when it made the trip to the Phi-4 system. The ship's AI made sure to deliver every occupant to Gaiar with escape pods. However, one escape pod was sent to Norban instead.

2. This rogue escape pod did not have human cargo, but was loaded with the ship's advanced galaxy-simulation capable AI, an AI that predates modern NHPs.

