# Norban // 5014u

Squad **5GBF** holds off an **SSC** incursion while a drill tunnels a path through the ice towards the GalSim AI. At the cost of their frames structure, they successfully hold off the **SSC** forces. The tunnel is printed with a strong hatch to close off **SSC** reinforcements from following. They enter the tunnel, and make their way alone to the AI. 

Inside the escape pod, the squad finds the GalSim AI alone. The AI is endlessly computing potential futures of galaxy. After interfacing with the machine, they discover the AI is cascading like an NHP. This machine believes that the decisions made inside the escape pod will determine the fate of the human species. If Squad **5GBF** releases the information on the AI to anyone outside their squad, humanity will begin its path to escaping their mortal coil. For whatever reason, the AI believes this future must be avoided, and that once humanity's mortal coil is sloughed, humanity can never return.

The squad initially believes that this information was irrelevant, and they began working to exfiltrate the AI. Suddenly, the voice of the AI changes. The voice of **RA** booms out, and demands that Mozin destroy the AI. The squad questions **RA** further. After getting enough information from **RA** to agree, **Mozin**, **Nikolai**, **Roro**, and **Toren**  decide that they will not handover this information willingly, and most of them want out of Union. However, **Zoran** is strictly opposed. After tense deliberation, the squad reaches a final agreement. The rest of the squad will attempt escape from the **U.N. Nemi** with the AI and its data. **Zoran** will perform his duty and attempt to stop them. The squad tentatively agrees to leave **Norban** together, knowing the rest of this mission is their last one as a team.