# U.N. Nemi // 5014u

Prior to starting the mission, the team prepares for the confrontation with Torren Eleppo. **Condor** baits the trap, and sends Torren a coded letter. The hope is the letter pulls Torren alone to the ambush, but the squad won't know until the final confrontation.
# U.N. Nemi // 5014u

Squad **5GBF** kits out their frames with space capable systems, and they begin flying toward Wailan, one of the two moons of Gaiar.

# Wailan // 5014u

Squad **5GBF** sits in waiting for the target **Toren** to arrive on the surface of Wailan. The target's Operator frame arrives alone, and makes its way up close to **Condor**. The pilot of the frame reveals himself to be **Master Zhang**, the former martial arts master for **Toren** and **Condor**. He tries to bargain with **Condor**. If she would help detain **Mozin** and **Sleepwalker**, he would make sure she and **Toren** could go home free. **Toren** had been kept at **Fort Wailan** after trying to escape after reading **Condor's** letter. **Condor** refuses the offer, and battle ensues.

After a tough battle, **5GBF** emerges victorious, but with heavy losses. They had multiple frames destroyed in the combat. They plan to infiltrate **Fort Wailan** by repairing the Operator frame and using it to disguise themsevles as POWs recovered by **Master Zhang**. The plan is risky, but taking the fort head on after the last battle seems impossible. They must move to the fort, locate **Toren Elepo**, and exfiltrate him.

Arriving at the fort, the team plays their roles. **Condor** pilots the operator, and **Necromancer** pilots the Roger Smith. **Roro** takes a stealthy spot on the edge of the base to play backup as sniper. **Sleepwalker** and **Mozin** come with the Displacer Beast while playing the role of captures POWs. They convince one of **Master Zhang's** new students to show them in and take the POWs to the detainment facility. There the squad meets up with **Toren**. He is disheveled and has been held in this facility for a while after trying to escape. They successfully hack their cuffs off, collect uniforms, and a keycard to sneak out of the facility, and back to their frames. During their escape attempt, a survivor of the previous combat is spotted by **Roro** limping towards the fort. **Roro** scuttles away, eliminates the threat to their misssion, and expertly scuttles back into position. Finally, everything is in place to make their escape attempt. The infiltration squad sneaks out, suits up, and leaves in their frames under the guise of going to look for **Master Zhan**. Once squad **5GBF** makes it far enough away,**Roro** ignites the fort with C4 that was being printed at the facility. The squad flies away from the carnage and succesfully completes the mission. 

# U.N. Nemi // 5014u

On the way back to the Nemi, **Toren** offloads what he has learned from SSC. They are working on technology to split consciousness and body. **Mozin, Sleepwalker, and Toren** are all experiments into consciousness spawned from SSC's goal. Not only is SSC after this capability, they believe the **Phi-4** system is key to their breakthrough. They were especially curious about Squad **5GBF's** mission on Granduer, but **Toren's** awareness of SSC's plans ends their.

