# U.N. Nemi // 5014u

## Shots Fired

After the **U.N. Fortnite** landed, the traitors began their operation. Five of the **Squad 5GBF** members, **Condor, Mozin, Roro, Shiro, and Sleepwalker**, open fire and begin to move toward another vehicle with the **GalSim AI**. **Sleepwalker** moves first and starts an offensive on **Necromancer**. **Necromancer** has not been included in their plans, as he immediately returns fire with his LINAC Coherent Beam Cannon. The blast obliterates the **U.N. Fortnite** and deals heavy damage to the traitors. Union forces respond immediately, but the surprise attack catches them unprepared. Limited forces populated the hangar as the assault started. The quick wit of **Necromancer** mobilizes the current troops to block the traitors before reinforcements can arrive.

The hangar hosts two large freight elevators for moving materiel. The traitors have internal support as **Superior Operative Omari** is blocked from joining the skirmish. His freight elevator's controls have been overridden. **Condor's and Shiro's** frame mows through the first lines of defense with their superheavy drill armament. This opens a path for **Mozin** to reach the elevator terminal and unlock its operation. The traitors receive a reinforcement of former operative **Mozin**'s cultists and former operative **Condor**'s students. **UN Engineer Max** also arrives armed with a frame of his own. 

Shortly after, Union forces regained freight elevator access as well. Union reinforcements arrive in the opposing elevator with **Superior Operative Omari** equipped in a goliath-class frame. He strategically places his frame to block the chokepoint between the two elevators. This provokes **Roro**** to take her lightning-speed mech past Union's flank. She fires large rail cannon shots at the Superior Officer and his men as she arrives at the exit vehicle first. This positioning provides her the line of sight necessary to provide covering fire for her fellow traitors pushing through the main line.

## Escape

The two parties fight for control of the chokepoint between the elevators. This passage provides the final block before they reach their escape vehicle. **Omari** takes position blocking the path, but **Mozin**'s advanced tech attack teleports **Omari** out as they swap places. The path opens, and the traitors make their final push through. For most of this skirmish, **Necromancer** and **Sleepwalker** have been locked into a 1v1 duel, but as they both take their frames to the brink of destruction, **Sleepwalker** finds the means of escape with a risky blinkspace jump across the hangar to safety. The mission is lost as every traitor's frame loads into their escape vehicle. The targets and their GalSim AI escape into the blinkgate, and out of Union's range of influence. 

## The Carnage Left Behind

In the aftermath of the battle, Union totals a loss of over 17 men and their destroyed materiel. The loss is blamed on the highly risky missions ordered on behalf of **Superior Operative Omari**. **Zoran** has been placed under advanced **UIB** surveillance for questioning after the surprise attack. Thanks to the advanced information of the GalSim AI he provided and his cooperation in the following investigation, Zoran is cleared of all suspicion, but he decides to leave his **UIB** post for a brighter future in the Union Navy. **Omari** is court-martialed for his overreaching in the matters of the **Phi-4** system. Warrants and bounties have been placed on every traitor who escaped to the **Long Rim**, but finding them in that system will be incredibly difficult.

## Phi-4's Future

Union fails to make any long-term arrangements with the people of Gaiar. The war ends up a drawn-out proxy war with Union and SSC feeding either side. Eventually, the two factions of Gaiar both agree to a risky ceasefire. Their only agreement is to exile both SSC and Union from their system as they take time to learn more about their new place in humanity. Their request for autonomy is acknowledged, but this peace sits dangerously between the forces of Union's Third Committee and the corporations' voracious anthrochauvinism.