## Locate Former UIB operatives, **Condor** and **Shiro****

Union has interviewed a couple of members of a new dojo started in **The Long Rim**. These students have refused to comment on its location or their senseis' identities, no matter how strongly we press them. All they claim is that their senseis live a quiet homesteading lifestyle, and these teachers will provide their services to those willing to make the long journey to them. Their base of operations must be deep into **The Long Rim**. 

## Locate Former UN engineer **Max** and UIB operative **Mozin**

**UIB** reconnaissance has recently decrypted online logs detailing a network of lancer frame weapon developers and mechanics. Judging by the technical capabilities of these vendors, they likely have a history with **UIB** and **UN** technologies. This is speculation, but **UIB** believes **Max** and **Mozin** could both potentially be vendors offering services in **The Long Rim**. **UIB** suggests disguising yourself as a customer to make contact.

## Locate Former UIB operative **Roro**

Former **UIB** operative **Roro** is likely the easiest to find in **The Long Rim**. She advertises herself proudly as a skilled mercenary. However, any attempt to engage must be taken seriously. All previous attempts to apprehend **Roro** have ended with the entire force being wiped out. If you plan to take her on, be sure to have the fight won before the first shot.

## Locate Former UIB operative **Sleepwalker** and GalSim AI

**UIB** intelligence has concluded that former **UIB** operative **Sleepwalker** is in current possession of the **U.N. Enna GalSim AI**. The only supporting evidence for this conclusion is that **Sleepwalker** has been able to predict **UIB**'s every move to this point. Do not seek out **Sleepwalker** first. We believe they will come to you if you successfully apprehend another fugitive.